TuTiTu
What's the new surprise?
Shapes in every size
TuTiTu
Parts that come together
To a new toy
and a new adventure
Tu Tu TuTiTu
[Roar]
[Trumpet]
(Look at that!)
Tu Tu TuTiTu
I LOVE YOU!
Camel!
Camel
This is the animal song
Let's meet and know
The animal in the song
Let's meet our animal friend
The desert is my home
In the sand I roam
I can fast for days
In the desert haze
I have a hump or two
Where I can carry you
Yes, all of this is true
I'm the camel, your animal friend
This is the animal song
Let's meet and know
the animal in the song
Let's meet our animal friend
The desert is my home
In the sand I roam
I can fast for days
In the desert haze
I have a hump or two
Where I can carry you
Yes, all of this is true
I'm the camel!
Your animal friend